Improve upon the 'Caveats' section of the Layers and Mod-Tap documentation (#12306)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/mod_tap.md

Expanding this would be complicated, at best. Moving to a 32-bit keycode would solve a lot of this, but would double the amount of space that the keymap matrix uses. And it could potentially cause issues, too. If you need to apply modifiers to your tapped keycode, [Tap Dance](feature_tap_dance.md#example-5-using-tap-dance-for-advanced-mod-tap-and-layer-tap-keys) can be used to accomplish this.

You may also run into issues when using Remote Desktop Connection on Windows. Because these keycodes send key events faster than a human, Remote Desktop could miss them.

> 
> To fix this, open Remote Desktop Connection, click on "Show Options", open the the "Local Resources" tab. In the keyboard section, change the drop down to "On this Computer". This will fix the issue, and allow the characters to work correctly.
> This may also be mitigated by increasing [TAP_CODE_DELAY](config_options.md#behaviors-that-can-be-configured).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this, open Remote Desktop Connection, click on "Show Options", open the the "Local Resources" tab, and in the keyboard section, change the drop down to "On this Computer". This will fix the issue, and allow the characters to work correctly.
It can also be mitigated by increasing [`TAP_CODE_DELAY`](config_options.md#behaviors-that-can-be-configured).
```

## Caveats

> Currently, all Mod-Tap keycodes (and also [`LT()`](feature_layers.md)) are limited to the [Basic Keycode set](keycodes_basic.md) for their *kc* argument, meaning you can't use keycodes like `LCTL()`, `KC_TILD`, or anything greater than `0xFF`. In the case of Mod-Tap, this is because QMK uses 16-bit keycodes, of which 3 bits are used for the function identifier, 1 bit is used for selecting right or left mods, and 4 bits are used to tell which mods are used, only 8 bits are left for the keycode. Because of this, the keycode used is limited to `0xFF` (0-255), which are the basic keycodes only. If at least one right-handed modifier is specified in a Mod-Tap, it will cause all modifiers specified to become right-handed, so it is not possible to mix and match the two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the `kc` argument of `MT()` is limited to the [Basic Keycode set](keycodes_basic.md), meaning you can't use keycodes like `LCTL()`, `KC_TILD`, or anything greater than `0xFF`. This is because QMK uses 16-bit keycodes, of which 3 bits are used for the function identifier, 1 bit for selecting right or left mods, and 4 bits to tell which mods are used, leaving only 8 bits for the keycode. Additionally, if at least one right-handed modifier is specified in a Mod-Tap, it will cause all modifiers specified to become right-handed, so it is not possible to mix and match the two.
```

Expanding this would be complicated, at best. Moving to a 32-bit keycode would solve a lot of this, but would double the amount of space that the keymap matrix uses. And it could potentially cause issues, too. If you need to apply modifiers to your tapped keycode, [Tap Dance](feature_tap_dance.md#example-5-using-tap-dance-for-advanced-mod-tap-and-layer-tap-keys) can be used to accomplish this.

> Additionally, you may run into issues when using Remote Desktop Connection on Windows. Because these codes send shift very fast, Remote Desktop may miss the codes.

Author: Theres a second "Additionally" now in this section. I propose maybe removing it.

Author: resolved

> Additionally, you may run into issues when using Remote Desktop Connection on Windows. Because these codes send shift very fast, Remote Desktop may miss the codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also run into issues when using Remote Desktop Connection on Windows. Because these keycodes send key events faster than a human, Remote Desktop could miss them.
```

Reviewer: This can actually be mitigated by using `TAP_CODE_DELAY`, if it is not already mentioned on this page it could be here.

Author: Sorry, I didn't mean to resolve this thread, I think I clicked resolve, just as you were typing this comment. I pushed an extra line to mention TAP_CODE_DELAY too.

Author: So now actually resolving :)
